[Music]
Wow
seven mysterious discovery science can't
explain
you know it's amusing and baffling that
there are amazing discoveries that
didn't earn a Eureka moment but made the
smartest scientists scratch their heads
for years these experts spend their
whole lives searching for answers to
some of the world's biggest mysteries
yet some of their findings defy logic
and are still waiting to be solved our
ancestors left behind artifacts that
even scientists can't explain the
thousands of golden spirals that are
obviously not jewelry or an ornament for
example or a megalithic structure with
no ancient items left behind to show its
true purpose an old city wiped out with
no apparent explanation then there's the
swimming reindeer sculpture made from a
mammoth tusk what was the thinking
behind the creation of this Ice Age art
before we unravel some of these
mysteries hit that subscribe button and
turn on the little notification bell now
you'll be the first to see the new
videos coming out daily on the bright
side of life let's start with number
seven the main penny yes it's the main
one this coin which is also called the
Goddard coin was found at the goddard
archaeological site by amateur
archaeologist guy Mildred on August 18th
1957 the site is an old Native American
settlement in Nazca Point may mel grande
identified it as an English coin minted
in the 12th century however two weeks
after Mildred died the Maine Penny's
classification was put into question and
a group of experts in London we examined
it for authentication they later
discovered that it was a nurse penny and
this was confirmed by coal born scar an
expert on north coins from the
University of Oslo
the coin was made between 1605 and 1093
during the reign of king olaf the third
but how did a silver norse coin the only
norse artifact discovered at the site
travel all the way to may is this the
first evidence of viking contact with
north america was the coin a traded
object what if the main penny is a hoax
given that the year it was discovered is
the year when fake Viking artifacts were
rampant did Mel grant plant the coin in
the site to create confusion will we
ever know ah keep watching this channel
number 6 Gold spirals archeologists
often find valuable items like gold
silver and precious jewels so it doesn't
necessarily thrill them when they
discover a site full of the stuff this
was until nearly 2,000 gold coils were
unearthed in Bose Lindo in mark dr.
Fleming call of the National Museum of
Denmark describes each spiral as a thin
filament that weighs 1/2 pound and
measures about one inch in length they
date back to between 900 BCE and 700 BCE
however experts still don't know what
they were for
the area of Bose lunda is a hotspot for
Bronze Age artifacts at the time the Sun
was one of their sacred symbols and gold
was their main offering because they
believed it possessed special magic
Fleming and other researchers assumed
that these gold spirals were part of a
priest-kings costume or head wear which
would have been worn during ritual Sun
ceremonies however this is yet to be
proven ah those crazy Danes number 5
Alaska artifact silver gold what else is
missing ah bronze specifically in the
shape of a small buckle like object a
team of researchers from the University
of Colorado wanted to study how people
adapted to the climate change that
happened in Cape espen burg Alaska be
queen eight hundred and fourteen hundred
seeing one of their interesting finds
was a strange bronze object that seemed
older than the house they were
excavating the buckle like object had
been cast in a mole with a small leather
ring attached to the bar and it was
about two inches by one inch thanks to
the leather material the researchers
were able to estimate how old the object
is through radiocarbon analysis it's
1500 years old but how did it end up
there the Inupiat Eskimos inhabiting the
area had no prior knowledge of
metallurgy or bronze manufacturing is it
another misplaced artifact or proof of
migrations from East Asia to America
where did it originally come from makes
you go hmm
number four Rouge 'i'm el hiri we've
heard of Stonehenge in southern England
and the stone spheres of Costa Rica but
it seems our blue planet never fails to
amaze and puzzle us consider the
mysterious landmark known as Rouge I am
el hiri which means stone heap of the
Wildcat in Arabic in Hebrew is called
Gil Gaara Fame the wheel of giants since
it's rumored to be the handiwork of
giant beings rouge amel here E is
another remnant of the Bronze Age and it
dates back to an estimated 3,000 to 2700
BCE the megalithic structure is located
in Golan Heights and is made from
approximately 44,000 tons of basalt
stones it stands 8 to 15 feet tall and
the walls are nearly 11 feet thick these
stones were stacked together to form a
wheel like design with four or five
massive circular rings and a burial
chamber at the center but is it really a
burial chamber scientists were not
convinced by that theory because no body
was found inside the tomb was empty
probably looted by robbers
based on a 1998 research project by
Professor Anthony and Veni and professor
yonathan Mizrachi the site is believed
to be a central storage facility defense
enclosure ceremonial center burial
complex or center for astronomical
observations however its true purpose
and the exact date of its creation is
still up for debate
number three mohenjo-daro
whenever archaeologists find an ancient
settlement the question that first pops
into their minds are how and why its
inhabitants disappeared since the
discovery of mohenjo-daro in Pakistan
less than a century ago scientists still
don't know the answers to these
questions they do know that it was built
around 2500 BCE and that the ancient
city was ahead of its time it had
well-planned streets drainage systems
public baths baked brick structures and
it's residential houses even had
bathrooms mohenjo-daro can rival the
greatness of ancient Rome though it
didn't have a central seat of government
or evidence of a king or queen according
to a National Geographic article yet
it's considered to be one of the most
important sites of the Indus Valley
Civilisation the nagging mystery is how
did a city with nearly 40,000 residents
decline or collapse in 1900 BCE there
were theories of a fly disease or fire
before British archaeologist sir
Mortimer wheeler concluded that the city
was invaded and its people were
massacred by indo-aryans more than 40
contorted skeletons were found in the
streets and houses according to the book
written in bones by British
archaeologist Paul BA researcher david
davenport thinks otherwise
and he theorized that the city was wiped
out because of an atomic blast whoa in a
book titled riddles of ancient history
by russian scientist alexander gore
offski a skeleton with the level of
radioactivity 50 times greater than
normal was found in the vicinity again
these are only speculations and further
research is needed
number two long UK's the long.you caves
and Shi Shan Province China aren't your
ordinary caves with cavernous passages
stalagmites and stalactites ah the 2000
year old man made caves consists of 36
grottoes covering approximately 32,000
square feet they were found by a local
villager in 1992 it's origin is a
complete mystery from its construction
and how it was preserved for a long time
if the cave took six years to create it
would have needed 1,000 people working
day and night to remove about 35 million
cubic feet of solid silt stone it's a
great feat considering we're talking
about pure hard labour
each wall and pillar was carefully
chiseled in parallel lines from floor to
ceiling how did they achieve such
precise engineering and artistry when
you go deeper into the cave it becomes
pitch dark which makes their work even
more impressive there were no traces of
construction or anything that could have
been used for lighting nonetheless they
managed to sculpt each cave or grotto
with the same model pattern measurement
and style who built the long u caves in
what were they used for unfortunately
scientists could not find a single
historical document to solve this aw
inspiring enigma number one swimming
reindeer go Rudolph do the backstroke
this artifact from the Stone Age was
excavated in bruna quel France by an
engineer named Pekka doodlee in 1866 it
was first thought to be two separate
pieces but in the 1930s it was
discovered that it could be joined
together to create a single sculpture
the swimming reindeer is made from the
tip of a
mammoth tusks that is eight inches long
the sculptor possessed extraordinary
creativity and skill it was beautifully
crafted with great detail using only
stone tools this sculpture is roughly
13,000 years old and consists of a
female reindeer leading the way with a
smaller body and antlers it also appears
that the female has shading outlines
representing our coat following her is a
male reindeer with large antlers and
detailed ears but its body isn't shaded
they have their chins up antlers back
and both legs stretched like they're
swimming however their function is still
unknown scientists assumed the sculpture
was used for communication or as a
talisman for hunting but perhaps it's
simply a depiction of an autumn winter
scene where animals migrate and mate or
maybe the reindeer were getting ready
for the Olympics
who knows oh speaking of nose and
reindeer where he is Rudolph anyway
which of the discoveries in this video
amazed you the most tell us in the
comments below don't forget to click the
like button and share this video with
your friends always stay tuned and
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]